here's a quick video showing the
difference between the authentic Samsung
Galaxy s4 spare battery charging system
in the foreign market / knockoff version
that I got on Amazon the authentic one
comes in a single box the charging
system as the Samsung hologram here
comes with a 0.7 amp charger battery
case the charger and the battery
well the knockoff comes in two packages
you see it as foreign foreign characters
on it does not include a battery charger
or the wall plug you can see right off
the bat the authentic charger the red
charging light on top compared to the
foreign one where the light shines
through the plastic because it's made a
cheaper plastic the battery itself if
you can read it was made in Korea for
the authentic battery whereas the fake
one says that it was made in Japan and
assembled in China I pull the battery
out the authentic battery comes with the
water damage indicator sticker whereas
the foreign market one has no water
damage indicator on it the charger
themselves the stickers are slightly
different they both say that they're
made in Korea you can see they're
different that's the authentic one
versus the foreign market one in the
battery case the authentic battery case
is nice smooth plastic on the inside
they're both embossed Samsung on the top
but the authentic one is nice and smooth
on the inside whereas the fake one I
don't know if you can really notice that
but it's got this brushed finish like it
was done by hand and it's looks really
crappy I did use this for a few days the
the knockoff before the the real one
came from Samsung and it did work but is
definitely not what I ordered so watch
out this was not sold by Amazon but it
was fulfilled by Amazon it was
us-based reseller so watch out for what
you get in the mail